Add service management documentation (#11486)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/04-operation-guides/troubleshooting/smgt-01-hb.md

---

> title: Helm Broker troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Helm Broker:`FAILED` status for created ServiceInstances
```

---

> 

Reviewer: For troubleshooting topics, I suggest three standardized headlines:

## Symptom
## Cause
## Remedy

Author: It would be good to pass this info to other TWs so that all troubleshooting docs are consistent.

> ## Possible `FAILED` status for created ServiceInstances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Symptom
`FAILED` status for created ServiceInstances
```

> If your ServiceInstance creation was successful and yet the release is marked as `FAILED` on the releases list when running the `helm list` command, it means that there is an error on the Helm's side that was not passed on to the Helm Broker. To get the error details, check the Helm release status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cause
There is an error on the Helm's side that was not passed on to the Helm Broker.

## Remedy
To get the error details, check the Helm release status.
```

Learning the error details doesn't fix them - how can users find out how to get rid of the FAILED status?
